# packages in environment at /home/sweekar/miniconda3/envs/ML_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.9.5           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
altair                    5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
annotated-types           0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
anyio                     4.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     23.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
aws-c-auth                0.7.22               h96bc93b_2    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.6.14               h88a6e22_1    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.9.19               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
aws-c-compression         0.2.18               h83b837d_6    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.4.2               ha47c788_12    conda-forge
aws-c-http                0.8.1               h29d6fba_17    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.14.8               h21d4f22_5    conda-forge
aws-c-mqtt                0.10.4               h759edc4_4    conda-forge
aws-c-s3                  0.5.9                h594631b_3    conda-forge
aws-c-sdkutils            0.1.16               h83b837d_2    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.1.18               h83b837d_6    conda-forge
aws-crt-cpp               0.26.9               he3a8b3b_0    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.11.329             hba8bd5f_3    conda-forge
blinker                   1.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py312h30efb56_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.28.1               hd590300_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.2.2             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cachetools                5.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.2.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.7           unix_pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dataclasses-json          0.6.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
datasets                  2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.1           py312h30efb56_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dill                      0.3.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
executing                 2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
faiss-cpu                 1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.4.1           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2024.3.1           pyhca7485f_0    conda-forge
gflags                    2.2.2             he1b5a44_1004    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.43             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
glog                      0.7.0                hed5481d_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.5           py312h1d5cde6_1    conda-forge
greenlet                  3.0.3           py312h30efb56_0    conda-forge
huggingface_hub           0.23.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        7.1.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        7.1.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
instructorembedding       1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
ipykernel                 6.29.3             pyhd33586a_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.24.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonpatch                 1.33               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonpointer               2.4             py312h7900ff3_3    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.22.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2           py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.2               h659d440_0    conda-forge
langchain                 0.1.20             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
langchain-community       0.0.38             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
langchain-core            0.1.52             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
langchain-text-splitters  0.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
langsmith                 0.1.65             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 hf3520f5_1    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20240116.2      cxx17_h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libarrow                  16.1.0           hcb6531f_6_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-acero            16.1.0           hac33072_6_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-dataset          16.1.0           hac33072_6_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-substrait        16.1.0           h7e0c224_6_cpu    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.8.0                hca28451_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.20                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               hf998b51_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.2.0               h77fa898_7    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_7    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               hca663fb_7    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.2.0               h77fa898_7    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.24.0               h2736e30_0    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud-storage   2.24.0               h3d9a0c8_0    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.62.2               h15f2491_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libparquet                16.1.0           h6a7eafb_6_cpu    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.25.3               h08a7969_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2023.09.01           h5a48ba9_2    conda-forge
libsentencepiece          0.2.0                he81a138_2    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.45.3               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.2.0               hc0a3c3a_7    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.19.0               hb90f79a_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h1dd3fc0_3    conda-forge
libtorch                  2.3.0           cpu_generic_h970db74_1    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.8.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libuv                     1.48.0               hd590300_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h4ab18f5_6    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
marshmallow               3.21.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mpc                       1.3.1                hfe3b2da_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h9458935_1    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.5           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
multiprocess              0.70.16         py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
mypy_extensions           1.0.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h59595ed_0    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nltk                      3.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py312heda63a1_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h488ebb8_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.0                h4ab18f5_3    conda-forge
orc                       2.0.1                h17fec99_1    conda-forge
orjson                    3.10.3          py312h4413252_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.2           py312h1d6d2e6_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    10.3.0          py312hdcec9eb_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.42             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  4.25.3          py312h72fbbdf_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.8           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyarrow                   16.1.0          py312h8da182e_1    conda-forge
pyarrow-core              16.1.0          py312h5429d62_1_cpu    conda-forge
pyarrow-hotfix            0.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic                  2.7.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic-core             2.18.3          py312h4413252_0    conda-forge
pydeck                    0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pypdf2                    2.11.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.12.3          hab00c5b_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-dotenv             1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-xxhash             3.4.1           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    4_cp312    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.3.0           cpu_generic_py312h2f1fc2b_1    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py312h98912ed_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.0.3          py312h8fd38d8_0    conda-forge
re2                       2023.09.01           h7f4b329_2    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.35.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
regex                     2024.5.15       py312h9a8786e_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich                      13.7.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.18.1          py312h4413252_0    conda-forge
s2n                       1.4.15               he19d79f_0    conda-forge
safetensors               0.4.3           py312h4b3b743_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.5.0           py312h1fcc3ea_1    conda-forge
scipy                     1.13.1          py312hc2bc53b_0    conda-forge
sentence-transformers     2.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sentencepiece             0.2.0                h7900ff3_2    conda-forge
sentencepiece-python      0.2.0           py312hab70b0d_2    conda-forge
sentencepiece-spm         0.2.0                he81a138_2    conda-forge
setuptools                70.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sleef                     3.5.1                h9b69904_2    conda-forge
smmap                     5.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.0                hdb0a2a9_1    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlalchemy                2.0.30          py312h9a8786e_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
streamlit                 1.35.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.12            pypyh9d50eac_103    conda-forge
tenacity                  8.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.5.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tokenizers                0.19.1          py312hfef1a59_0    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
toolz                     0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
torchvision               0.18.0          cpu_py312h83765ac_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4             py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.66.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
transformers              4.41.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.11.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.11.0             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
typing_inspect            0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
tzlocal                   5.2             py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
validators                0.28.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
watchdog                  4.0.1           py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.43.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xxhash                    0.8.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.9.4           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h75354e8_4    conda-forge
zipp                      3.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
